More DB auto-user troubleshooting (#37659)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/database-access/auto-user-provisioning/postgres.mdx

(!docs/pages/includes/database-access/auto-user-provisioning/postgres15-grant-create.mdx!)

### User does not have CONNECT privilege error

You may encounter the following error when the admin user or the roles assigned
to the auto-provisioned user do not have the permission to connect to the target
database:

```shell
> tsh db connect mysql --db-name <database> example
...
FATAL: permission denied for database "<database>"
DETAIL: User does not have CONNECT privilege.
```

Make sure `CONNECT` is granted to the admin user and the respective roles:
```sql
GRANT CONNECT ON DATABASE <database> to "teleport-admin";
GRANT CONNECT ON DATABASE <database> to "reader";
```

### Cannot execute in a read-only transaction error

You may encounter the following error when connecting to an AWS RDS Aurora
reader endpoint:
```shell

> > tsh db connect mysql --db-name <database> example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ tsh db connect --db-name <database> example
```

psql: error: connection to server at "localhost" (::1), port 12345 failed: Connection refused
...
ERROR: cannot execute CREATE ROLE in a read-only transaction (SQLSTATE 25006)
```

> Database auto-user provisioning is curerntly not compatible with RDS Aurora

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Database auto-user provisioning is currently not compatible with RDS Aurora
```

Reviewer: also, do we have any plans to add support for RDS aurora reader endpoints? If not, maybe just drop the "currently" altogether.

Reviewer 2: Could we provision the user against primary endpoint?

Author: > also, do we have any plans to add support for RDS aurora reader endpoints? If not, maybe just drop the "currently" altogether.

good point. will remove "currently".

> Could we provision the user against primary endpoint?

We probably can look into this in the future to provision the user against the primary endpoint first then connect the user to the reader. Though we will have to see how much time it will take to propagate the users/roles change from primary to replicas.

For tracking: https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/issues/37530

reader endpoints. Please use auto-user provisioning on the primary endpoints.

### No schema has been selected error

> You may encounter the following error when connecting when the admin user does not have `USAGE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may encounter the following error when connecting if the admin user does not have `USAGE` and `CREATE`
```

Author: This error message happens only when `USAGE` is not granted. Without `CREATE`, the error message is more obvious. Will fix the `when` -> `if`

permission on the schema:
```shell

> > tsh db connect mysql --db-name <database> example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ tsh db connect --db-name <database> example
```

psql: error: connection to server at "localhost" (::1), port 12345 failed: Connection refused
...
ERROR: no schema has been selected to create in (SQLSTATE 3F000)
```

To fix this, make sure that the admin user is granted `USAGE` and `CREATE` on
schema `public` in the target database:
```sql
GRANT USAGE ON SCHEMA public TO "teleport-admin";
GRANT CREATE ON SCHEMA public TO "teleport-admin";
```

### Permission denied to grant role "rds_iam"

You may encounter the following error when connecting to an RDS database:
```shell

> > tsh db connect mysql --db-name <database> example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ tsh db connect --db-name <database> example
```

psql: error: connection to server at "localhost" (::1), port 12345 failed: Connection refused
...
ERROR: permission denied to grant role "rds_iam" (SQLSTATE 42501)
```

> This happens when the admin user does not have enough permission to grant the
> role to the auto-provisioned the user. To fix this, grant the `ADMIN` option to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens when the admin user does not have permission to grant the
"rds_iam" role to other users. To fix this, grant the "rds_iam" role with the `ADMIN` option to
```

I haven't tried auto user creation with  RDS postgres - if this is always required for RDS then we should update the docs at step 1 to include the `WITH ADMIN TRUE` as well.

Author: This one depends on the version. It's only required in some newer versions. Though, let me check an older version works with `WITH ADMIN`. If so, i will also add it to the top.
